## Understanding Social Networks

There's another use, more common in marketing, but also with behavior change, of understanding where in a social network or a geographic network an intervention can be done. So say you want to have a smoking cessation program or a sexual health education program that tips behavior change at a population level. Understanding how your network is put together and who has the influence in the network to be able to impact change on a population level without having the resources to intervene on everyone, having these type of tools is really, really useful to be able to selectively target different populations or different individuals within the population to affect the system level change.

So last we have generative AI. One of the things that I've found is that this is very useful in public health education. So during the COVID outbreak, we had mass campaigns, vaccination campaigns to try to help improve population health and protect vulnerable populations. However, there are a lot of caveats with doing public health in remote places with certain populations. Being able to make something culturally relevant is really important. To people who look like the community, being the image or the person speaking is really important to be relatable. And generative AI allows us to create culturally relevant images for these campaigns. In addition, they're really useful as a way to be able to do this with under-resourced areas, areas that don't have maybe as much infrastructure around creating videos, creating image campaigns, creating public service announcements. Having this technology allows the resources to go further. Long time ago, when I was working on HIV education in South Africa, there wasn't a lot to go on and a lot of it had to be developed on the fly. And that's very hard to do when you're in a rural community. It's a lot of finding people, positioning, whatever skit or whatever materials need to be created, actually creating those materials. It used to take a lot of time 20 years ago. But now with generative AI, we can tell our algorithm what we want to generate, generate 10 images or 100 images, and then look through them for what's most likely to resonate with the population.