Here's the text in Markdown format:

## Introduction
And that's really impactful. And I think in the future, we're going to be seeing a lot more of these technologies being leveraged in fields that might not have used these, in marketing, in public health, in social program awareness campaigns, pretty much anything that needs to get the information out, particularly in a visual manner.

So a lot of areas of the world have a lot of local languages. And somebody who is a native speaker of that language might know some of the more dominant language messages can get lost in translation. Or there might be a need to hire a lot of translators to get the information out there. And this technology promises to really help solve a lot of those barriers to public health interventions, social policy announcements, even just getting information about what resources exist to these populations.

## Importance of Representation
So one of the things that I'm really passionate about is the need for representation. So if we don't collect data on people who look a certain way or speak a certain language or come from a certain area of the country or the world, we don't have that data for our algorithms to learn from. And those populations may not have their needs met. If we don't have that representation on tech teams, we don't have that perspective of how there might be barriers to adopting the technology or having the technology work correctly within that population. So it's really important that we consider different cultures and different subgroups so that everyone can participate.

I think we're at a tipping point within tech of those who are benefiting a lot from it and those that haven't benefited much. And if we keep going this way and some populations have a lot more representation than others, I think we're going to be seeing more and more division along the lines of technology. So that's really important, especially within social good projects that we have representation from the community, that the community has ownership in data, input into how this is going to be used or impact their community.

## Resources
So there are a lot of good resources out there. I'm going to make this presentation public on my LinkedIn. So feel free to reach out to me. Feel free to look at these resources for the tools that are out there. 

- Persistent Homology has a lot of packages that exist in R and Python. 
- Text to image, OpenAI and Night Cafe have some really great tools. 
- For Forman Ritchie Curvature, I have code in Python and in R for different network applications.

And feel free to reach out to me.